So about my illness,
can you keep it a secret for now?
When the time is right,
I will tell everyone,
okay?
I know what you're saying,
but I don't want to keep it from Wu Wei.
I think he should know.
No,
especially not him.
Right now, the Haoyue-4 mission is just like
when you guys were in
the final sprint of the college entrance exam.
All of our combined efforts
are facing a huge test.
I don't want to distract anyone right now.
Let's wait until we get a good grade.
Please.
Okay,
I promise.
But you must also promise me to get hospitalized soon
and schedule the surgery.
Okay, I promise.
I promise you, okay?
Once the date is set,
you'll be the first to know.
And,
you must fully cooperate with the treatment.
What? Are you looking down on me?
It's just cancer.
I'm ready to fight it for three hundred rounds.
I still want to see for myself
when we retrieve the lunar soil.
So about my illness,
can you keep it a secret for now?
When the time is right,
I will tell everyone.
Okay?
Ziqi,
how is your data coming along?
Send it to me.
Ying Ziqi.
Ying Ziqi, what are you doing?
I'm talking to you.
Let's communicate the progress.
What does this mean?
What are you trying to prove by sending me this?
Trying to prove your ability?
Seeing this,
you should believe in our abilities now.
We want to share the burden with you.
I have clearly told you,
you were seconded here
to handle software data.
You don't need to interfere with the plan.
Understand?
Don't get mad. He didn't mean it.
Okay.
You want to prove it,
then prove it.
Have you checked this plan yourself?
It's full of loopholes and problems.
Have you checked it?
Speak.
He definitely wants to do a good job on the task.
You two listen to me.
I know why you two are here.
But let me tell you both,
it's not needed.
You two are here
just to assist with my work.
Don't think about or do
things you're not supposed to.
And don't even think about it.
Ying Ziqi.
I know with your reputation as an expert,
you're not happy about assisting me.
But I gave you a chance before,
and you didn't take it.
You can't blame anyone else.
I don't want to say any more nonsense.
I will emphasize this one last time.
I will make the plan, and you two do the data.
Can you cooperate?
Can you?
Director Cao.
Old Gu.
I need to talk to you.
I'm just going to a meeting.
Let's talk on the way.
No, no, no. I can't wait.
Look at this, look at this.
When did he find out?
They found out
during his last physical exam.
But he never told me.
The hospital said he wasn't cooperating,
so they contacted us directly.
Anyway,
I took it upon myself to submit his leave application to the center.
Look at him.
How can he be so calm?
At a time like this,
he didn't say a word.
I know about this illness.
When the pain hits, normal people can't bear it.
He's so old,
and he doesn't have anyone to take care of him.
Hello.
I have an emergency to deal with here.
Postpone the meeting.
You learned how to knock.
What's wrong?
Well...
What's the matter? Why the hesitation?
Lao Qin.
We've known each other for so many years.
Have I ever asked you for anything?
How else do you plan to ask?
I don't even dare to count.
Haven't you asked me enough?
No, no.
Have I ever asked you for anything serious?
Just say what you want to say.
I'll agree to it today.
Come with me.
Let's go to the hospital for treatment.
You asked the leaders to transfer me back from Xi'an.
Isn't it because of this?
No, no, no.
I won't agree to this.
Old Gu.
I won't listen to your nonsense.
I'll give you ten minutes.
I'm not fooling you.
You have to hear me out.
Nine and a half minutes.
I'm not saying I won't get treatment. What are you doing?
Given the situation,
I can't avoid this mission.
We need to prioritize
and look at the big picture.
You love tea, so I'm bringing your teacup.
Here's your tea canister.
I'll pack your clothes
and daily necessities,
and once they're packed,
I'll deliver them to the hospital myself.
All right.
What are you doing?
You're always so bossy.
I feel sorry for my sister-in-law.
Listen to me.
I'll take full responsibility
for the lunar landing site and the rover.
Your task
is to cooperate with the doctors and get treated.
Fine, how about this?
As soon as the subsystem plan is out,
I'll go to the hospital right away, okay?
I promise you.
The overall plan is only missing these two parts.
Delaying my hospitalization for two days
isn't a big deal.
Right?
Do you want me to cooperate with you
and say it loudly here?
No, I don't.
I'll go, okay?
Fine, I'll go.
I'll be hospitalized, okay?
But you have to promise me too.
We can't let these kids know.
You are so bossy. You...
The current problem
is that we are short on time and manpower.
Can we apply to the center
to transfer Yan back?
It would be good to have an extra hand.
Transfer Yan back?
I have an idea.
I don't think so.
They are really short-handed in Xichang.
How about this?
We divide the work.
You take charge of the Apollo basin, okay?
What about the rest?
I'll take charge of Von Kármán and Schrödinger.
I've already done some work on them anyway.
I believe as long as we work together,
we can definitely catch the launch window.
Von Kármán?
That's a bit of an unpopular choice.
The Von Kármán crater,
compared to other sites,
has lower scientific value,
and the data is not clear enough.
It's easily overlooked.
But considering the Haoyue-4 mission,
providing supplies for the Rabbit on the far side of the moon,
and the controllable altitude
and time differences
during the landing process,
the basin advantage of Von Kármán
becomes apparent.
Okay.
We can't worry too much about it.
Let's start the screening again.
Um,
Mr. Jiang, Jiajia,
I have an idea.
I want to apply for a landing site plan alone.
Caibao and I can do it together.
What's going on, Nan?
We will definitely finish the plan by ourselves.
I promise not to slow down everyone's progress.
Okay.
Then you two will be responsible for Schrödinger.
All right.
Then if anyone has any problems, feel free to communicate at any time.
Understood.
Let's get to work.
What's the situation?
What are you doing?
If I hitch you to a millstone,
we'll be provided for in our old age.
Fine, you can call me a donkey.
I don't care what you call me.
Listen to me.
Here's the thing.
The hospital leaders talked to me.
They said for your condition,
the director will perform the surgery himself.
It might be scheduled soon,
so be prepared.
I'm asking you. Are you ready?
Did you hear me?
I heard you.
Stop reading. Stop reading.
I'm just looking at a few documents.
I'm not working.
Alright, no more reading.
Look at Xiao Chu, she's undecided.
So Xu Xu's situation can't be settled either.
I'm just anxious.
What are you anxious about? Give it to me.
Can we negotiate?
I'm telling you, this is non-negotiable.
How about I just work for one hour a day?
Is that okay?
No.
Not even one.
Hands off.
Not even one hour?
Making me lie here every day,
isn't it a waste of national resources?
What is this?
In the end,
you even found someone to manage me.
You are good.
Just wait. One day I'll tell you
my computer password
and my bank card password.
When I die,
take my inheritance,
and you have to
let those guys work with you.
But,
you must use the fund for its intended purpose.
That's bullshit. You're just...
Let me tell you.
We agreed back then,
we would do this
Raoluohui together.
No one is allowed to be a deserter, right?
When we put our fingerprints on it,
we made a promise to each other.
Let me tell you.
I can keep an eye
on both sides of the work for you now.
Your task
is to recuperate well here.
When you recover,
I'll leave all this to you,
and then I'll take a vacation, okay?
I'll work you to death, you old thing.
Huang Shiren.
So bossy.
You just know how to bully a poor old woman like me.
Don't you?
Just be good.
Focus on recovering here.
I'm leaving.
Recover well, hear me?
You annoy me.
The mantis stalks the cicada,
unaware of the oriole.
Why are you back again?
Let me tell you.
Don't play these childish games with me.
You only have three things to do in the hospital.
First, listen to the doctor.
Second, listen to the nurses.
Third, listen to me.
Listen. Get some rest.
I'll listen to you. Drink some water.
No.
Then can you listen to me?
Just don't tell them about that.
Don't forget.
Aerospace flight control...
What's up with Mr. Gu?
He looks so stressed.
Mr. Qin isn't here either.
It's so intimidating.
Listen.
Jiajia, Mengyao.
You need to figure out
the optimal plan for me as soon as possible.
Yes, yes.
As for the inner field...
Wu Wei, Ziqi.
You have three days
to coordinate with Xu Xu.
Make sure to finish the subsystem software plan
and start the obstacle avoidance test ASAP.
Understood.
Mr. Qin.
During this closed-door meeting,
I will be responsible for coordinating
the work arrangements of both your teams.
We've fallen too far behind schedule.
We must hurry up.
I heard that a couple of days ago,
at the international academic symposium,
our mission was being discussed.
What does this mean?
It means the eyes of the whole world
are on us.
Whether we can go to the far side of the moon
depends on everyone here.
Let's do this.
What's wrong?
You don't look so good.
Nothing.
I might just be a bit tired lately.
Let's do our best.
You need to hurry up with the landing plan.
I'll get going then.
Can you stop spinning?
It's making me dizzy.
Let's check our progress.
I should be done by tomorrow morning.
What about you? How much is left?
I'm almost done.
What do you mean almost?
Can you be more specific?
Why have you only done so little?
What have you been doing these past two days?
I've been here all the time.
Haven't you seen me every day?
Besides.
Calculation really isn't my strong suit.
Nan.
How about we go back and get a good sleep today,
and continue tomorrow morning?
Don't you know how tight the schedule is?
I know, I know.
I'll do it properly right now.
Can you stop saying
you know every time I criticize you?
Can you show some real action?
Weren't you the one who made a promise to Jia
earlier today?
Did you swallow those words along with your water?
Nan.
I've made up my mind.
I will stay up late today
and calculate properly.
I'm going to buy a coffee.
Do you want some?
A China Aerospace iced Americano, thanks.
Take my big...
[China Aerospace]
Where did you go to buy coffee?
Got the first win.
Share it with Dafu.
My God.
It's over.
Passed.
Finally passed.
The data in this version is much better than the last one.
Now we can start the physical vehicle testing, right?
Not yet.
This plan is still not ideal.
It's not the perfect solution.
Reset.
Do it again.
Why?
The comprehensive electronic subsystem feedback
is still not good enough.
This result,
you can accept it, but I can't.
Even if the deviation is only one in ten thousand,
it's a devastating blow on the far side of the moon.
Problems that occurred in the past
must never happen again.
Just understand this.
Deal with your useless emotions yourself.
This is a workplace.
Please be more professional.
I don't know if I'm capable or professional.
You are the senior. You know best.
Come on, senior, teach me.
In just these two days,
how do I change the proposal to your liking?
If you don't want to do it, just say so.
Stop being so sarcastic
and wasting each other's time.
I'm wasting time?
Which piece of data we prepared
isn't what you asked for?
You have a set of standards in your mind,
but you don't communicate with us.
Right, you're the boss.
We can wait, but can the window period wait?
Today's proposal can go back to zero.
But you must come up with
a passing standard.
Aren't we
communicating now?
Xu Xu is also trying to ensure
the task is foolproof.
We said we'd cooperate,
so let's trust each other.
You're speaking for him?
Don't say that. It's all for the Rabbit.
Don't be emotional. Let's work first.
Can't I be emotional?
Only three people are doing the task,
all revolving around him.
When you need data urgently, we stay up late to work overtime.
Have I ever said no?
If you are really worried about the task failing,
we should work hard on the same plan.
But you overturn it as you please.
Let me tell you.
What's useless is not my emotions.
It's you.
Leave quickly if you want to.
If not, work hard.
Sister Nan. Sister Nan.
Drink some coffee, Sister Nan.
Drink it yourself.
Don't, don't, don't. Don't be mad.
I know I was wrong.
You are not wrong.
If you really don't want to do it,
you can actually tell me directly.
No need to hide it from me.
Don't you like playing games?
You can also play professionally.
It's also winning glory for the country.
Oh, right.
You can also go play the drums.
Beating a retreat.
You must be the best in the world.
It's wrong for me to lie to you.
But during this time,
I've been struggling with that landing point every day.
Even computers need rest.
Sleepless for so many days,
I really can't hold on anymore.
I know playing games is wrong.
And I'm anxious when I play.
I can't play well either, but...
I'm really not ready to be the main force.
I'm sorry.
You don't need to apologize to me.
You should apologize to yourself.
You should apologize to
this job you stick to.
If you don't want to work hard,
you don't need to make so many excuses.
Who here doesn't want to rest?
But who isn't holding on?
Tired?
Who isn't tired?
I admit whatever you say.
When have I not worked hard?
I only sleep for three hours every day.
I calculated so much data.
My eyes are getting blurry now.
I see double images of everything.
You want to win.
I want to win too.
I really just went out for a breath of fresh air.
Can I go back and do it now?
Enough.
You keep playing.
The window period has been advanced.
All of us are running forward under pressure.
Why are you the only one retreating?
Do you think this place
is still the ivory tower of your school days?
Do you think you can still be carefree,
like a child,
hiding behind everyone?
Cai Boao.
Even people in our hometown know
Haoyue 4 is about to be completed.
They are all waiting for our good news.
Can you grow up quickly?
Can you be more mature?
Can you be worthy of
the clothes you are wearing?
I'm begging you.
Where are you?
I want to talk to you.
I'm at the space experience center right now.
Come find me.
It's almost closed and everyone is off work.
What if you fall?
I'm just playing for a bit to relieve some stress.
Why didn't you ask me to come along?
The mission is a bit stressful.
I'm not in a good mood,
and I'm kind of breaking down.
What about you?
You came to find me late at night.
It can't be just to say this, right?
Your plan isn't going well.
Come down first. Let's talk down here.
All right.
Actually, I'm pretty much like you.
There's been a lot of pressure from missions lately.
And a lot has happened.
Yeah.
Come to think of it,
we've only been here for over a year.
We thought we had experienced everything.
But now we realize
we haven't seen anything yet.
Isn't our line of work about overcoming one hurdle after another?
Our current mission
and the many problems in the future
are all new unknowns.
Just now, while I was experiencing it,
I was thinking.
Isn't the current mission
exactly what I wanted to do?
I'm having a hard time.
But isn't everyone else having a hard time too?
Why mix in emotions
and unnecessary obstacles?
Complaining comes from thinking.
Then just don't think about it.
Just do it and be done with it.
Look at Wu Wei.
Isn't his reckless spirit
quite intoxicating?
You are right.
Actually, sometimes I don't know
if I'm doing the right thing.
I shouldn't have kept it from my brother.
But I still did.
Between good friends and good brothers,
there's no need to have so many concerns.
No one
can truly understand another person.
Even for the best of brothers,
actually, between the two of you,
since you care about him so much,
he must care about you too.
Right?
You have to trust him.
Believe that your bond
won't be easily broken.
And I believe
that you already have
the right answer in your heart.
Then just trust your own choice
and go do it.
Thank you.
You too.
Relax and do your tasks.
Who is inside?
Didn't you know it's closed?
Come out. Let's go.
What are you doing?
Don't bother me.
Chao.
Are you crying?
No, I'm not.
It's all wet.
I really didn't cry.
It's okay to cry. It's not embarrassing.
Did you get scolded?
About the mission?
Chao.
Do you think it's because
I came from the gifted class,
I don't have as much experience as them,
I'm not mature enough in handling problems,
and that's why I'm always holding everyone back?
What's wrong with coming from the gifted class?
Don't blame your own problems on your age.
I came from the gifted class too.
Chao.
I always thought...
Thought what?
I just look a bit mature for my age.
I'm not that much older than you.
I remember when I first started school.
I had an early growth spurt,
so I was as skinny as a bean sprout.
Openly and secretly,
I got bullied a lot.
Most of my classmates
were immature boys.
Their methods
weren't exactly decent.
As time went by,
I actually became what they wanted me to be,
withdrawn and insecure.
Later, I joined flight control.
The mockery only got worse.
They all laughed at me,
saying I was just a nerd.
After graduation,
I took a poorly paid,
hard and tiring job.
I was such a fool.
You're not a fool.
I think you are amazing, bro.
Really.
I don't care what they think.
I chose to work in aerospace
just to achieve my small step,
one giant leap for mankind,
this kind of magnificent life.
Chao.
Have you learned anything?
Learned anything?
We've been in flight control for so long,
what we experience most are setbacks and failures.
But if we want to do a good job in aerospace,
we have to withstand the pressure
and bear the responsibility.
To hone ourselves in silence,
to fight in silence,
to grow in silence.
Got it?
I think so.
Chao.
I want to be stronger too.
Can you share some experience with me?
Want to be stronger?
Secret recipe for getting stronger.
Take a sip.
I drank it.
What is this? It's so spicy.
Liquor and garlic.
Does this work?
Definitely.
Can it make me stronger?
Save some for me. Drink slowly.
Let me tell you.
There used to be a scientist.
He saw how smart I was
and that I was a good fit for the aerospace industry.
For the sake of our country's aerospace cause,
he used a machine
to make me muscular in an instant.
Chao,
you've got a superhero's script.
Life is not a movie.
There won't always be someone
coming to help you at a critical moment.
Likewise, no one can predict the outcome.
People,
if they don't push themselves,
will never change.
To get fit,
I spent time studying it.
I planned step by step, starting with my diet,
and slowly made changes.
Of course,
sometimes I also want to be lazy,
but looking back at my past self,
I definitely don't want to go back.
I gritted my teeth and persevered.
Slowly, I found myself changing.
I became stronger and more disciplined.
And I started going bald too.
Working out
is just like doing a quest.
Make a plan, find the flaws, adjust the strategy.
Achieve small goals one by one,
and finally achieve the ultimate goal.
Chao.
Then let me
tell you my story too.
Okay.
Let's go and talk on the way.
Let's go.
Wu Wei, what are you doing?
I have something to tell you.
If you are free,
let's go get some skewers.
I'll wait for you downstairs.
Mr. Gu.
Ziqi.
The hospital called.
Old Qin's surgery time has changed.
It's moved up.
Is it confirmed?
It's confirmed. It's tonight.
I'll wait for you at the main gate.
Okay, I'm heading there now.
Wu Wei, what are you doing?
I have something to tell you.
If you are free,
let's go get some skewers.
Mr. Gu.
How is the situation now?
Let's talk on the way.
Okay.
Just now,
the hospital called me.
Xu Xu decided to overturn it.
He must have his reasons.
You should stop talking.
You haven't had water all day.
Talking will make you thirsty.
Born to worry.
I know.
Don't worry so much.
Your health comes first right now.
We've got the best doctor for you.
Several of us
are waiting for you outside.
You must not tell Wu Wei.
Don't tell him yet.
Okay.
You knew all along.
You knew everything.
Let me explain.
Don't touch me.
Come.
Sit down and wait.
I don't have a mom anymore.
The names of spacecraft and related missions in this drama have been fictionalized.
Ying Deqian, He Qiang
Chen Bing
Zhao Qiangjun
Wu Jianguo
Xiaobai
Wang Yiqi, Feng Shuaige, Tang Zixuan, Fu Jingyun, Wang Zhenglin, Qin Dehang, Zhang Haoming, Wang Zihan
Production Team
Daily Life Producer: Zhao Xuguang
Lighting Team
Gaffer
Sound Recordist
Painter
Production Staff
Makeup and Hair Team
Data Management: Li Peiyuan, Tong Zhenzhong
Legal Team
Equipment Support
Beijing Liushun Huihuang Film & Media Co., Ltd.
Beijing Chuangxiang Xinshijie Film & Culture Co., Ltd.
Colorist
Visual Effects Production Company
Beijing Ziyou Xunhuan Digital Technology Co., Ltd.
VFX Supervisor: Zhang Zheng
Beijing Moying Dongli Culture Media Co., Ltd.
Packaging Designer
Compositor
Dubbing Production Team
Bianjiang Studio
Music Production Team
Theme Song 'Muxing'
Singer
Lyricist
Poster Design Team
Special Thanks
Tianjin Xingye Real Estate Group Co., Ltd.
Tianjin Jingmao Metal Products Co., Ltd.
Publicity Department of CPC Tianjin Nankai District Committee
Publicity Department of CPC Tianjin Jinghai District Committee
Jingwumen Zhonghua Wulinyuan
Jizhou Cheshenjia Scenic Area
Guiding Unit
News and Publicity Center of China National Space Administration
Zhengzhou Xin Liliang Film Co., Ltd.
Horgos Xin Liliang Film & Culture Co., Ltd.